The Farmer's Cursed Wife.
There was no man who owned a farm.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
There was no man who owned a farm, and he had no cattle to carry it on.
Singing twice, fi-dum, fi-diddle, fi-dum, fi-day.
He yoked two pigs in order to plow.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
And if he did it, the devil knows how.
Singing twice, fi-dum, fi-diddle, fi-dum, fi-day.
The devil came to him in the field one day.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
Said, one of your family I will carry away.
Singing twice, fi dum, fi diddle, fi dum, fi day.
You can't have my oldest son.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
For the work of the farm must still go on.
Singing twice, fi dum, fi diddle, fi dum, fi day.
You can have my scolding wife, hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
You can have my scolding wife, but you can't keep her to save your life.
Singing twice, fi dum, fi diddle, fi dum, fi day.
The devil packed her up in a sack, hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
THE DEVIL PACKED HER UP IN A SACK AND LIKE A PEDDLER WENT PACKING HIS PACK SINGING TWICE FI DUM FI DIDDLE FI DUM FI DAY SIX LITTLE DEVILS ARE CLIMBING THE WALL HIGH HIGH DIDDLEUM DAY SIX LITTLE DEVILS ARE CLIMBING THE WALL SING TAKE HER BACK PAP BEFORE SHE KILLS US ALL SINGING TWICE FI DUM FI DIDDLE FI DUM FI DAY SIX LITTLE DEVILS ARE DRAGGING THEIR CHAINS
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
Six little devils are dragging their chains.
Sing, take her back, pappy, for she beats out our brains.
Singing twice, fi-dom, fi-diddle, fi-dom, fi-day.
He packed her up in a sack.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
And like a damn fool went carrying her back.
Singing twice, fi-dom, fi-diddle, fi-dom, fi-day.
The old man went whistling across the hill.
Hi, hi, diddle-um-day.
Sing, the devil won't have her, I'll be damned if I will.
Sing twice, fi dum, fi diddle, fi dum, fi day.